com/example/kindredlclinic/models/Medico.java
 com.example.kindredlclinic.models.Medico
com/example/kindredlclinic/listeners/UsersListener.java
 com.example.kindredlclinic.listeners.UsersListener
com/example/kindredlclinic/models/MarcacaoConsulta.java
 com.example.kindredlclinic.models.MarcacaoConsulta
com/example/kindredlclinic/models/Medicamentos.java
 com.example.kindredlclinic.models.Medicamentos
com/example/kindredlclinic/models/Utente.java
 com.example.kindredlclinic.models.Utente
com/example/kindredlclinic/models/Especialidade.java
 com.example.kindredlclinic.models.Especialidade
com/example/kindredlclinic/listeners/ReceitasMedicasListener.java
 com.example.kindredlclinic.listeners.ReceitasMedicasListener
com/example/kindredlclinic/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.kindredlclinic.BuildConfig
com/example/kindredlclinic/listeners/ConsultasListener.java
 com.example.kindredlclinic.listeners.ConsultasListener
com/example/kindredlclinic/listeners/UtentesListener.java
 com.example.kindredlclinic.listeners.UtentesListener
com/example/kindredlclinic/listeners/EspecialidadesListener.java
 com.example.kindredlclinic.listeners.EspecialidadesListener
com/example/kindredlclinic/vistas/ListaFragment.java
 com.example.kindredlclinic.vistas.ListaFragment
com/example/kindredlclinic/listeners/MedicosListener.java
 com.example.kindredlclinic.listeners.MedicosListener
com/example/kindredlclinic/listeners/ExamesListener.java
 com.example.kindredlclinic.listeners.ExamesListener
com/example/kindredlclinic/models/ClinicDBHelper.java
 com.example.kindredlclinic.models.ClinicDBHelper
com/example/kindredlclinic/models/Consulta.java
 com.example.kindredlclinic.models.Consulta
com/example/kindredlclinic/MainActivity.java
 com.example.kindredlclinic.MainActivity
com/example/kindredlclinic/listeners/MedicamentosListener.java
 com.example.kindredlclinic.listeners.MedicamentosListener
com/example/kindredlclinic/models/ReceitaMedica.java
 com.example.kindredlclinic.models.ReceitaMedica
com/example/kindredlclinic/models/SingletonKindredClinic.java
 com.example.kindredlclinic.models.SingletonKindredClinic
 com.example.kindredlclinic.models.SingletonKindredClinic$1
 com.example.kindredlclinic.models.SingletonKindredClinic$2
 com.example.kindredlclinic.models.SingletonKindredClinic$3
com/example/kindredlclinic/utils/ConsultaJsonParser.java
 com.example.kindredlclinic.utils.ConsultaJsonParser
com/example/kindredlclinic/vistas/InfoFragment.java
 com.example.kindredlclinic.vistas.InfoFragment
com/example/kindredlclinic/models/Exame.java
 com.example.kindredlclinic.models.Exame
com/example/kindredlclinic/models/User.java
 com.example.kindredlclinic.models.User
com/example/kindredlclinic/listeners/MarcacaoConsultasListener.java
 com.example.kindredlclinic.listeners.MarcacaoConsultasListener
com/example/kindredlclinic/vistas/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.kindredlclinic.vistas.LoginActivity
